README.md, before:

# JFL - Just Fucking Launch

**The context layer for AI-native teams.**

JFL provides persistent context for AI workflows. Agents can read what happened in previous sessions, understand decisions that were made, and access project knowledge—eliminating the cold-start problem where each AI interaction begins from zero.

Context lives in git as structured files (markdown, JSONL). Any AI tool can integrate via MCP.

**Quick Links:** [Website](https://jfl.run) · [Docs](https://jfl.run/docs) · [Getting Started](https://jfl.run/start) · [GitHub](https://github.com/402goose/jfl-cli)

---

## What Problem Does This Solve?

AI agents are stateless by default. Each new session starts from scratch:
- Previous decisions aren't remembered
- Work from other sessions isn't visible
- Context has to be re-explained every time

For multi-session projects or team collaboration with AI, this creates coordination overhead. JFL provides a shared context layer that accumulates over time and is accessible to any AI tool.

---

## Where JFL Fits

JFL is a coordination and context layer for AI workflows.

**What it provides:**
- Persistent memory across sessions (journal entries, decisions, code context)
- Shared context that any AI can read and contribute to
- Git-native storage (markdown, JSONL) that survives model changes

**What it works with:**
- AI coding tools (Claude Code, Cursor)
- Agent frameworks (CrewAI, AutoGPT)
- Custom AI workflows

**Architecture:**
JFL runs as a local daemon (Context Hub on port 4242) and integrates via MCP. Your project's context lives in `.jfl/` as structured files. Any AI tool with MCP support can read and update this context.

**Use cases:**
- Solo developers building with AI (never lose context between sessions)
- Teams coordinating work with AI agents (shared memory across people and agents)
- Multi-session projects (context accumulates, agents get smarter over time)

---

## What JFL Does

JFL provides three core systems:

**Context Hub** — A local daemon (port 4242) that aggregates journal entries, knowledge docs, and code headers. Any AI can query it via MCP to understand what happened across sessions, what decisions were made, and what code does.

**Synopsis** — Generates work summaries by rolling up journal entries, git commits, and file headers. Answers questions like "what happened this week?" or "what did Alex work on?" with structured reports and time breakdowns.

**Session Management** — Git worktree-based isolation for parallel work. Each session auto-commits, auto-merges, and cleans up. Hooks enforce journal entries and handle cleanup automatically.

---

## How Teams Use It

**Solo developers:**
Build with AI tools across multiple sessions without re-explaining context. Your project knowledge accumulates—agents get smarter over time, not dumber.

**Teams with AI agents:**
Multiple people and AI agents can work in parallel. Everyone reads from and writes to the same context layer. No meetings to sync up, no handoff docs that get stale.

**Works with your existing tools:**
JFL integrates with Claude Code, Cursor, Clawdbot, CrewAI, and any tool that supports MCP. Switch models or tools tomorrow—your context survives because it's git-native.

---

## Installation

```bash
npm install -g jfl
```

**Requirements:** Node ≥18

JFL automatically installs dependencies including Context Hub MCP and x402 payment tools.

---

## Quick Start (TL;DR)

```bash
# Initialize a GTM workspace
jfl init my-product-gtm

# Check status
cd my-product-gtm
jfl status

# View campaign dashboard
jfl hud

# See what happened recently
jfl synopsis 24

# Start interactive session (auto-updates on first run)
jfl
```

---

## Core Commands

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `jfl` | Interactive session (auto-updates GTM template + npm package) |
| `jfl init [name]` | Initialize new GTM workspace |
| `jfl status` | Show project status and auth |
| `jfl hud` | Campaign dashboard (ship date, phases, pipeline) |
| `jfl synopsis [hours] [author]` | Work summary (journal + commits + code) |
| `jfl update` | Pull latest skills and templates |
| `jfl context-hub [action]` | Manage Context Hub daemon (start/stop/status) |
| `jfl session [action]` | Session management (create/list/end) |
| `jfl repair` | Fix .jfl/config.json if corrupted |

### Platform Commands

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `jfl login` | Authenticate to JFL platform |
| `jfl login --x402` | Use x402 Day Pass ($5/day crypto) |
| `jfl wallet` | Show wallet and day pass status |
| `jfl deploy` | Deploy to JFL platform |
| `jfl agents [action]` | Manage parallel agents (list/create/start/stop) |
| `jfl feedback` | Rate your session |

---

## How It Works

**The system lives in git. Everything is files.**

No proprietary database. No lock-in. Your company's knowledge graph is version-controlled and portable.

```
my-project-gtm/              ← GTM workspace (strategy, content, brand)
├── .jfl/
│   ├── config.json          ← Project settings
│   ├── journal/             ← Session journals (JSONL)
│   └── context-hub.pid      ← Context Hub daemon
├── product/                 ← SUBMODULE → your-product-repo
├── knowledge/               ← Strategy docs (VISION, ROADMAP, etc.)
├── content/                 ← Generated marketing content
├── suggestions/             ← Contributor workspaces
├── .claude/skills/          ← JFL skills
└── CLAUDE.md                ← AI instructions

your-product-repo/           ← SEPARATE REPO (all code)
├── src/
├── cli/
└── ...
```

**When you start a session:**
1. The agent loads your full context (via Context Hub)
2. You work (code, content, strategy, whatever)
3. Decisions and learnings are captured automatically
4. Session ends, context persists
5. Next session picks up exactly where you left off

**It compounds.** The more you use it, the more it knows. Six months in, the agent understands your business better than most employees would.

**Why GTM workspace is separate from product code:**
- Clean separation of concerns
- Product code doesn't get polluted with GTM docs
- Multiple GTMs can reference the same product
- `jfl update` updates GTM toolkit without touching product code
- Team can work on product independently

---

## Context Hub

Context Hub is a local daemon (port 4242) that provides unified context to any AI:

```bash
# Start Context Hub
jfl context-hub start

# Check status
jfl context-hub status

# Stop daemon
jfl context-hub stop
```

**What it aggregates:**
- **Journal entries** — What happened across sessions (`.jfl/journal/*.jsonl`)
- **Knowledge docs** — Strategy, vision, roadmap (`knowledge/*.md`)
- **Code headers** — `@purpose`, `@spec`, `@decision` tags from files

**MCP Integration:**
Context Hub exposes MCP tools that Claude Code and other AIs can use:
- `context_get` — Get unified context (journal + knowledge + code)
- `context_search` — Semantic search across all sources
- `context_status` — Check daemon status
- `context_sessions` — See activity from other sessions

Add to your `.mcp.json`:
```json
{
  "jfl-context": {
    "command": "jfl-context-hub-mcp"
  }
}
```

---

## Synopsis - Work Summaries

Synopsis aggregates journal entries, git commits, and code file headers to answer "what happened?"

```bash
# Last 24 hours, all authors
jfl synopsis 24

# Last 8 hours
jfl synopsis 8

# What did Alex work on in last 48 hours?
jfl synopsis 48 alex

# Filter by git author name
jfl synopsis 24 --author "Andrew"
```

**Output includes:**
- Summary of features, fixes, decisions
- Time audit breakdown (infra vs features vs docs)
- Per-team-member contributions
- Health checks (too much infra? not enough outreach?)
- Next steps from journal entries
- Incomplete/stubbed items

---

## Session Management

Work in isolated git worktrees with automatic commit/merge:

```bash
# Create new session (creates worktree + branch)
jfl session create

# List active sessions
jfl session list

# End session (merges to main, removes worktree)
jfl session end [session-name]

# Auto-commit running in background (every 2 min)
./scripts/session/auto-commit.sh start
```

**Each session:**
- Isolated git worktree (parallel work without conflicts)
- Auto-commits knowledge/, content/, suggestions/ every 2 minutes
- Auto-merges to main on session end
- Removes worktree and branch when merged
- Writes journal entries (enforced by hooks)

**SessionStart hook:**
- CD to worktree
- Sync repos (jfl-gtm + product submodule)
- Run doctor check (detect issues)
- Start Context Hub
- Show HUD dashboard

**Stop hook:**
- Auto-commit uncommitted changes
- Merge to main (with conflict handling)
- Cleanup worktree and branch
- Validate journal entry exists

---

## Authentication

**GitHub OAuth:**
```bash
jfl login
```

**x402 Crypto Wallet ($5/day micropayments):**
```bash
jfl login --x402
```

Enables:
- Gasless USDC transfers (no ETH needed)
- $5/day Day Pass payments
- httpcat-cli bundled and configured

View auth status:
```bash
jfl status
jfl wallet
```

---

## Pricing

| Plan | Price | What You Get |
|------|-------|--------------|
| **Trial** | $0 | Full toolkit, foundation + brand setup. Use with Claude Code. |
| **Day Pass** | $5/day | Pay only days you use. AI included. Chat in Telegram/Slack/Discord. Pay with USDC (gasless). |
| **Solo** | $49/mo | Just you. AI included. Best if you use it most days. |
| **Team** | $199/mo | Up to 5 seats (+$25/seat after). AI for everyone. Parallel agents. Team analytics. |

---

## Skills Library

JFL includes skills for Claude Code:

| Skill | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `/hud` | Campaign dashboard with countdown and tasks |
| `/brand-architect` | Generate brand identity (marks, colors, typography) |
| `/web-architect` | Implement assets (SVG, favicon, OG images) |
| `/content` | Create content (threads, posts, articles, one-pagers) |
| `/x-algorithm` | Optimize tweets for X For You feed |
| `/video` | Founder video scripts (viral short-form) |
| `/startup` | Startup journey guidance (idea to scale) |
| `/agent-browser` | Headless browser automation |
| `/search` | Semantic search across GTM knowledge base |
| `/spec` | Multi-agent adversarial spec refinement |
| `/react-best-practices` | React/Next.js performance optimization |
| `/remotion-best-practices` | Remotion video creation in React |

Run in Claude Code after `jfl init`.

---

## Knowledge Layer

JFL structures your GTM knowledge:

```
knowledge/
├── VISION.md              # What you're building
├── NARRATIVE.md           # How you tell the story
├── THESIS.md              # Why you'll win
├── ROADMAP.md             # What ships when
├── BRAND_BRIEF.md         # Brand inputs
├── BRAND_DECISIONS.md     # Finalized brand choices
├── VOICE_AND_TONE.md      # How the brand speaks
└── TASKS.md               # Master task list
```

These docs are the source of truth. AIs read them to generate content, make decisions, and maintain consistency.

---

## Auto-Update

JFL automatically checks for updates on session start (24-hour cache):

- **Minor/patch versions** — Auto-updates silently
- **Major versions** — Prompts for approval

**Skip auto-update:**
```bash
jfl --no-update
```

**Manual update:**
```bash
jfl update                   # Pull latest skills and CLAUDE.md
jfl update --dry             # Preview changes first
```

**What gets updated:**
- `.claude/skills/` — Latest skill implementations
- `CLAUDE.md` — Latest AI instructions
- `scripts/` — Session management scripts
- `templates/` — Doc templates

**What's preserved:**
- `knowledge/` — Your strategy docs
- `content/` — Your generated content
- `product/` — Your product code
- `.jfl/config.json` — Project settings

---

## Journal Protocol

Every session MUST write journal entries. The Stop hook blocks if no entry exists.

**Entry format:**
```json
{
  "v": 1,
  "ts": "2026-01-28T10:00:00.000Z",
  "session": "session-goose-20260128-1014-00cec4",
  "type": "feature|fix|decision|milestone|discovery",
  "status": "complete|incomplete|blocked",
  "title": "Short title",
  "summary": "2-3 sentence summary",
  "detail": "Full description with context",
  "files": ["file1.ts", "file2.ts"],
  "incomplete": ["what's not done"],
  "next": "what should happen next"
}
```

**Write entries when:**
- Feature completed
- Decision made
- Bug fixed
- Milestone reached
- Session ending

Journal entries become searchable via Context Hub and Synopsis.

---

## File Headers (Required for Code)

Every `.ts`, `.tsx`, `.js`, `.jsx` file MUST have a header with `@purpose`:

```typescript
/**
 * Component/Module Name
 *
 * Brief description of what this does.
 *
 * @purpose One-line description of file's purpose
 * @spec Optional: link to spec (e.g., PLATFORM_SPEC.md#sessions)
 * @decision Optional: decision slug (e.g., journal/2026-01.md#per-session)
 */
```

Enables:
- Synopsis to extract context from files
- Codebase understanding without reading full files
- Decision traceability

---

## Contributing to JFL

```bash
# Clone via GTM structure
jfl init my-jfl-gtm
# During setup, add: https://github.com/402goose/just-fucking-launch.git

# Run dev setup
cd my-jfl-gtm/product
./scripts/dev-setup.sh

# Work in the CLI submodule
cd cli
npm install
npm run build

# Link globally for testing
npm link
```

---

## Environment Variables

```bash
CRM_SHEET_ID=your-sheet-id   # Google Sheets CRM integration
```

---

## Files You'll Work With

```
.jfl/
├── config.json              # Project configuration
├── journal/                 # Session journals (JSONL)
├── context-hub.pid          # Context Hub daemon PID
└── logs/                    # Session logs

knowledge/                    # Strategy docs (you fill these)
content/                      # Generated content
suggestions/{name}.md         # Per-person working space
previews/                     # Generated assets
```

---

## Help & Support

```bash
jfl help                      # Show all commands
jfl --version                 # Show version
```

**Issues & Feedback:**
- GitHub: https://github.com/402goose/jfl-cli/issues
- Docs: https://jfl.run
- X: [@taggaoyl](https://x.com/taggaoyl)

---

## What's New in 0.1.0

- ✨ Auto-update on session start (checks npm registry, 24h cache)
- 🔍 Synopsis command (`jfl synopsis [hours] [author]`)
- 🏥 Improved doctor checks with categorized output
- 🐛 Fixed auto-merge failure that caused branch pileup
- 📊 Context Hub productization improvements

---

## License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details.

---

## Credits

Built by [@tagga](https://x.com/taggaoyl) (Alec Taggart)

Powered by:
- [Claude](https://claude.ai) (Anthropic)
- [x402](https://402.com) (crypto micropayments)
- Commander.js, Inquirer, Chalk, and more

Commit message:

docs: update README with informational tone and positioning
Changed from pitch/competitive framing to informational documentation:
- Hero: More descriptive, explains what JFL does
- What Problem: Focus on stateless agents and coordination overhead
- Where JFL Fits: New section positioning as coordination/context layer
- What JFL Does: Simplified feature descriptions
- How Teams Use It: Practical use cases vs aspirational messaging
- Why git-native: Explains architecture rationale

Positioning pulled from pitch-deck-content.md and EMPLOYER_OPPORTUNITY.md
but adapted for docs vs sales context.

README.md, after:

# JFL - Just Fucking Launch

**The context layer for AI-native teams.**

JFL provides persistent context for AI workflows. Agents can read what happened in previous sessions, understand decisions that were made, and access project knowledge—eliminating the cold-start problem where each AI interaction begins from zero.

Context lives in git as structured files (markdown, JSONL). Any AI tool can integrate via MCP.

**Quick Links:** [Website](https://jfl.run) · [Docs](https://jfl.run/docs) · [Getting Started](https://jfl.run/start) · [GitHub](https://github.com/402goose/jfl-cli)

---

## What Problem Does This Solve?

AI agents are stateless by default. Each new session starts from scratch:
- Previous decisions aren't remembered
- Work from other sessions isn't visible
- Context has to be re-explained every time

For multi-session projects or team collaboration with AI, this creates coordination overhead. JFL provides a shared context layer that accumulates over time and is accessible to any AI tool.

---

## Where JFL Fits

JFL is a coordination and context layer for AI workflows.

**What it provides:**
- Persistent memory across sessions (journal entries, decisions, code context)
- Shared context that any AI can read and contribute to
- Git-native storage (markdown, JSONL) that survives model changes

**What it works with:**
- AI coding tools (Claude Code, Cursor)
- Agent frameworks (CrewAI, AutoGPT)
- Custom AI workflows

**Architecture:**
JFL runs as a local daemon (Context Hub on port 4242) and integrates via MCP. Your project's context lives in `.jfl/` as structured files. Any AI tool with MCP support can read and update this context.

**Use cases:**
- Solo developers building with AI (never lose context between sessions)
- Teams coordinating work with AI agents (shared memory across people and agents)
- Multi-session projects (context accumulates, agents get smarter over time)

---

## What JFL Does

JFL provides three core systems:

**Context Hub** — A local daemon (port 4242) that aggregates journal entries, knowledge docs, and code headers. Any AI can query it via MCP to understand what happened across sessions, what decisions were made, and what code does.

**Synopsis** — Generates work summaries by rolling up journal entries, git commits, and file headers. Answers questions like "what happened this week?" or "what did Alex work on?" with structured reports and time breakdowns.

**Session Management** — Git worktree-based isolation for parallel work. Each session auto-commits, auto-merges, and cleans up. Hooks enforce journal entries and handle cleanup automatically.

---

## How Teams Use It

**Solo developers:**
Build with AI tools across multiple sessions without re-explaining context. Your project knowledge accumulates—agents get smarter over time, not dumber.

**Teams with AI agents:**
Multiple people and AI agents can work in parallel. Everyone reads from and writes to the same context layer. No meetings to sync up, no handoff docs that get stale.

**Works with your existing tools:**
JFL integrates with Claude Code, Cursor, Clawdbot, CrewAI, and any tool that supports MCP. Switch models or tools tomorrow—your context survives because it's git-native.

---

## Installation

```bash
npm install -g jfl
```

**Requirements:** Node ≥18

JFL automatically installs dependencies including Context Hub MCP and x402 payment tools.

---

## Quick Start (TL;DR)

```bash
# Initialize a GTM workspace
jfl init my-product-gtm

# Check status
cd my-product-gtm
jfl status

# View campaign dashboard
jfl hud

# See what happened recently
jfl synopsis 24

# Start interactive session (auto-updates on first run)
jfl
```

---

## Core Commands

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `jfl` | Interactive session (auto-updates GTM template + npm package) |
| `jfl init [name]` | Initialize new GTM workspace |
| `jfl status` | Show project status and auth |
| `jfl hud` | Campaign dashboard (ship date, phases, pipeline) |
| `jfl synopsis [hours] [author]` | Work summary (journal + commits + code) |
| `jfl update` | Pull latest skills and templates |
| `jfl context-hub [action]` | Manage Context Hub daemon (start/stop/status) |
| `jfl session [action]` | Session management (create/list/end) |
| `jfl repair` | Fix .jfl/config.json if corrupted |

### Platform Commands

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `jfl login` | Authenticate to JFL platform |
| `jfl login --x402` | Use x402 Day Pass ($5/day crypto) |
| `jfl wallet` | Show wallet and day pass status |
| `jfl deploy` | Deploy to JFL platform |
| `jfl agents [action]` | Manage parallel agents (list/create/start/stop) |
| `jfl feedback` | Rate your session |

---

## How It Works

**The system lives in git. Everything is files.**

No proprietary database. No lock-in. Your company's knowledge graph is version-controlled and portable.

```
my-project-gtm/              ← GTM workspace (strategy, content, brand)
├── .jfl/
│   ├── config.json          ← Project settings
│   ├── journal/             ← Session journals (JSONL)
│   └── context-hub.pid      ← Context Hub daemon
├── product/                 ← SUBMODULE → your-product-repo
├── knowledge/               ← Strategy docs (VISION, ROADMAP, etc.)
├── content/                 ← Generated marketing content
├── suggestions/             ← Contributor workspaces
├── .claude/skills/          ← JFL skills
└── CLAUDE.md                ← AI instructions

your-product-repo/           ← SEPARATE REPO (all code)
├── src/
├── cli/
└── ...
```

**When you start a session:**
1. The agent loads your full context (via Context Hub)
2. You work (code, content, strategy, whatever)
3. Decisions and learnings are captured automatically
4. Session ends, context persists
5. Next session picks up exactly where you left off

**Why git-native?**

All context is stored as markdown and JSONL in your git repository. This means:
- Version controlled (see how context evolved)
- Portable (no vendor lock-in)
- Model-agnostic (switch AI tools without losing context)
- Collaborative (merge and branch like code)

**It compounds.** The more you use it, the more it knows. Six months in, the agent understands your business better than most employees would.

**Why GTM workspace is separate from product code:**
- Clean separation of concerns
- Product code doesn't get polluted with GTM docs
- Multiple GTMs can reference the same product
- `jfl update` updates GTM toolkit without touching product code
- Team can work on product independently

---

## Context Hub

Context Hub is a local daemon (port 4242) that provides unified context to any AI:

```bash
# Start Context Hub
jfl context-hub start

# Check status
jfl context-hub status

# Stop daemon
jfl context-hub stop
```

**What it aggregates:**
- **Journal entries** — What happened across sessions (`.jfl/journal/*.jsonl`)
- **Knowledge docs** — Strategy, vision, roadmap (`knowledge/*.md`)
- **Code headers** — `@purpose`, `@spec`, `@decision` tags from files

**MCP Integration:**
Context Hub exposes MCP tools that Claude Code and other AIs can use:
- `context_get` — Get unified context (journal + knowledge + code)
- `context_search` — Semantic search across all sources
- `context_status` — Check daemon status
- `context_sessions` — See activity from other sessions

Add to your `.mcp.json`:
```json
{
  "jfl-context": {
    "command": "jfl-context-hub-mcp"
  }
}
```

---

## Synopsis - Work Summaries

Synopsis aggregates journal entries, git commits, and code file headers to answer "what happened?"

```bash
# Last 24 hours, all authors
jfl synopsis 24

# Last 8 hours
jfl synopsis 8

# What did Alex work on in last 48 hours?
jfl synopsis 48 alex

# Filter by git author name
jfl synopsis 24 --author "Andrew"
```

**Output includes:**
- Summary of features, fixes, decisions
- Time audit breakdown (infra vs features vs docs)
- Per-team-member contributions
- Health checks (too much infra? not enough outreach?)
- Next steps from journal entries
- Incomplete/stubbed items

---

## Session Management

Work in isolated git worktrees with automatic commit/merge:

```bash
# Create new session (creates worktree + branch)
jfl session create

# List active sessions
jfl session list

# End session (merges to main, removes worktree)
jfl session end [session-name]

# Auto-commit running in background (every 2 min)
./scripts/session/auto-commit.sh start
```

**Each session:**
- Isolated git worktree (parallel work without conflicts)
- Auto-commits knowledge/, content/, suggestions/ every 2 minutes
- Auto-merges to main on session end
- Removes worktree and branch when merged
- Writes journal entries (enforced by hooks)

**SessionStart hook:**
- CD to worktree
- Sync repos (jfl-gtm + product submodule)
- Run doctor check (detect issues)
- Start Context Hub
- Show HUD dashboard

**Stop hook:**
- Auto-commit uncommitted changes
- Merge to main (with conflict handling)
- Cleanup worktree and branch
- Validate journal entry exists

---

## Authentication

**GitHub OAuth:**
```bash
jfl login
```

**x402 Crypto Wallet ($5/day micropayments):**
```bash
jfl login --x402
```

Enables:
- Gasless USDC transfers (no ETH needed)
- $5/day Day Pass payments
- httpcat-cli bundled and configured

View auth status:
```bash
jfl status
jfl wallet
```

---

## Pricing

| Plan | Price | What You Get |
|------|-------|--------------|
| **Trial** | $0 | Full toolkit, foundation + brand setup. Use with Claude Code. |
| **Day Pass** | $5/day | Pay only days you use. AI included. Chat in Telegram/Slack/Discord. Pay with USDC (gasless). |
| **Solo** | $49/mo | Just you. AI included. Best if you use it most days. |
| **Team** | $199/mo | Up to 5 seats (+$25/seat after). AI for everyone. Parallel agents. Team analytics. |

---

## Skills Library

JFL includes skills for Claude Code:

| Skill | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `/hud` | Campaign dashboard with countdown and tasks |
| `/brand-architect` | Generate brand identity (marks, colors, typography) |
| `/web-architect` | Implement assets (SVG, favicon, OG images) |
| `/content` | Create content (threads, posts, articles, one-pagers) |
| `/x-algorithm` | Optimize tweets for X For You feed |
| `/video` | Founder video scripts (viral short-form) |
| `/startup` | Startup journey guidance (idea to scale) |
| `/agent-browser` | Headless browser automation |
| `/search` | Semantic search across GTM knowledge base |
| `/spec` | Multi-agent adversarial spec refinement |
| `/react-best-practices` | React/Next.js performance optimization |
| `/remotion-best-practices` | Remotion video creation in React |

Run in Claude Code after `jfl init`.

---

## Knowledge Layer

JFL structures your GTM knowledge:

```
knowledge/
├── VISION.md              # What you're building
├── NARRATIVE.md           # How you tell the story
├── THESIS.md              # Why you'll win
├── ROADMAP.md             # What ships when
├── BRAND_BRIEF.md         # Brand inputs
├── BRAND_DECISIONS.md     # Finalized brand choices
├── VOICE_AND_TONE.md      # How the brand speaks
└── TASKS.md               # Master task list
```

These docs are the source of truth. AIs read them to generate content, make decisions, and maintain consistency.

---

## Auto-Update

JFL automatically checks for updates on session start (24-hour cache):

- **Minor/patch versions** — Auto-updates silently
- **Major versions** — Prompts for approval

**Skip auto-update:**
```bash
jfl --no-update
```

**Manual update:**
```bash
jfl update                   # Pull latest skills and CLAUDE.md
jfl update --dry             # Preview changes first
```

**What gets updated:**
- `.claude/skills/` — Latest skill implementations
- `CLAUDE.md` — Latest AI instructions
- `scripts/` — Session management scripts
- `templates/` — Doc templates

**What's preserved:**
- `knowledge/` — Your strategy docs
- `content/` — Your generated content
- `product/` — Your product code
- `.jfl/config.json` — Project settings

---

## Journal Protocol

Every session MUST write journal entries. The Stop hook blocks if no entry exists.

**Entry format:**
```json
{
  "v": 1,
  "ts": "2026-01-28T10:00:00.000Z",
  "session": "session-goose-20260128-1014-00cec4",
  "type": "feature|fix|decision|milestone|discovery",
  "status": "complete|incomplete|blocked",
  "title": "Short title",
  "summary": "2-3 sentence summary",
  "detail": "Full description with context",
  "files": ["file1.ts", "file2.ts"],
  "incomplete": ["what's not done"],
  "next": "what should happen next"
}
```

**Write entries when:**
- Feature completed
- Decision made
- Bug fixed
- Milestone reached
- Session ending

Journal entries become searchable via Context Hub and Synopsis.

---

## File Headers (Required for Code)

Every `.ts`, `.tsx`, `.js`, `.jsx` file MUST have a header with `@purpose`:

```typescript
/**
 * Component/Module Name
 *
 * Brief description of what this does.
 *
 * @purpose One-line description of file's purpose
 * @spec Optional: link to spec (e.g., PLATFORM_SPEC.md#sessions)
 * @decision Optional: decision slug (e.g., journal/2026-01.md#per-session)
 */
```

Enables:
- Synopsis to extract context from files
- Codebase understanding without reading full files
- Decision traceability

---

## Contributing to JFL

```bash
# Clone via GTM structure
jfl init my-jfl-gtm
# During setup, add: https://github.com/402goose/just-fucking-launch.git

# Run dev setup
cd my-jfl-gtm/product
./scripts/dev-setup.sh

# Work in the CLI submodule
cd cli
npm install
npm run build

# Link globally for testing
npm link
```

---

## Environment Variables

```bash
CRM_SHEET_ID=your-sheet-id   # Google Sheets CRM integration
```

---

## Files You'll Work With

```
.jfl/
├── config.json              # Project configuration
├── journal/                 # Session journals (JSONL)
├── context-hub.pid          # Context Hub daemon PID
└── logs/                    # Session logs

knowledge/                    # Strategy docs (you fill these)
content/                      # Generated content
suggestions/{name}.md         # Per-person working space
previews/                     # Generated assets
```

---

## Help & Support

```bash
jfl help                      # Show all commands
jfl --version                 # Show version
```

**Issues & Feedback:**
- GitHub: https://github.com/402goose/jfl-cli/issues
- Docs: https://jfl.run
- X: [@taggaoyl](https://x.com/taggaoyl)

---

## What's New in 0.1.0

- ✨ Auto-update on session start (checks npm registry, 24h cache)
- 🔍 Synopsis command (`jfl synopsis [hours] [author]`)
- 🏥 Improved doctor checks with categorized output
- 🐛 Fixed auto-merge failure that caused branch pileup
- 📊 Context Hub productization improvements

---

## License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details.

---

## Credits

Built by [@tagga](https://x.com/taggaoyl) (Alec Taggart)

Powered by:
- [Claude](https://claude.ai) (Anthropic)
- [x402](https://402.com) (crypto micropayments)
- Commander.js, Inquirer, Chalk, and more
